Rollout plugin doc (#549)
kurator-dev/kurator: docs/content/en/docs/fleet-manager/rollout/rollout-plugin.md

---
title: "Install Rollout Plugin"
linkTitle: "Install Rollout Plugin"
weight: 10
description: >

>   Configure Rollout plugin for Fleet to enable Kurator's capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Configure rollout plugin in fleet to enable kurator's rollout capability.
```

---

> To support Kurator's Rollout, it's imperative to first configure the backup plugin for [Fleet](https://kurator.dev/docs/references/fleet-api/#fleet). This guide will walk you through configuring the [Flagger](https://docs.flagger.app/)-based rollout plugin for Fleet, laying the groundwork for Kurator's Rollout capabilities.

Reviewer: backup？

## Prerequisites

### 1. Fleet Manager Setup

Set up the Fleet manager by following the instructions in the [installation guide](/docs/setup/install-fleet-manager/).

> ### 2. Secrets and Setup for Attached Clusters

Reviewer: Is there a doc we can refer here

```console
kubectl create secret generic kurator-member1 --from-file=kurator-member1.config=/root/.kube/kurator-member1.config
kubectl create secret generic kurator-member2 --from-file=kurator-member2.config=/root/.kube/kurator-member2.config
---
kubectl apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: cluster.kurator.dev/v1alpha1
kind: AttachedCluster
metadata:
  name: kurator-member1
  namespace: default
spec:
  kubeconfig:
    name: kurator-member1
    key: kurator-member1.config
---
apiVersion: cluster.kurator.dev/v1alpha1
kind: AttachedCluster
metadata:
  name: kurator-member2
  namespace: default
spec:
  kubeconfig:
    name: kurator-member2
    key: kurator-member2.config
EOF
```

## Create a Fleet with the Backup Plugin Enabled

Run following command to create Flagger in the Fleet:

```console
kubectl apply -f -<<EOF
apiVersion: fleet.kurator.dev/v1alpha1
kind: Fleet
metadata:
  name: quickstart
  namespace: default
spec:
  clusters:
    - name: kurator-member1
      kind: AttachedCluster
    - name: kurator-member2
      kind: AttachedCluster
  plugin:
    flagger:
      publicTestloader: true
      trafficRoutingProvider: istio
EOF
```

> ### Fleet Backup Plugin Configuration Explained

Reviewer: Backup?
